I just need to go to the bathroom
It's okay, I'll take you to the hospital.
Why did he hold him?
My heart is sore
It must be because I drank too much juice
Ann, you don't look in a good mood today.
Are you having a conflict with the young master?
Too many things have happened to Mrs. Liu recently
I don't understand him anymore
Anana
Master, this person?
The size should be strong.
A lot of words are hidden in my heart
Actually, he doesn't have a bad heart
He really likes you too
You said he likes me
You can see the number of times he comes here.
More times than going home
Maybe.
He feels a sense of belonging by your side
I watched him get angry for you
This kind of thing must not happen again in the future
Looking at you making a fuss, what nonsense are you talking about?
Even the former lady
He never cared so much
An An, you have to check your heart carefully
How could he like me?
He can't possibly like me.
How about sweet?
It's not serious, just a little skin trauma
I really didn't do this.
I don't doubt you.
Otherwise I wouldn't have come.
Did you talk to Rong Xuewei again after I left?
He's my friend.
Get to know the people of the Rong family through him
Is there already a benefit?
Can't trust anyone but me
Especially Rong Xuewei
I heard you were assassinated
Who is the murderer?